Hello everyone and today we have a review of the game
for android battlefield ank this game
seemed to me quite interesting
Well
interesting plan graphics are not in the plan
gameplay is what the review will be pretty
I still want to show fast
graphics because this is the main thing
this game so the task yet no missions
also just changing killing tanks look
on graphics and everything is still beta
that’s actually starving we can ride
turn credited current
shots although you can forget to add
. trees as you can see, too, everything is transparent
imposed i could already on specifics
killers are the best but for such
hodgepodge which are lined up by ordinary
unprofessional developers group
it is of course very very
as we see the creation of these is not on top
our life has been 100 exhibitions 91 yet
which at night does not affect him even a little
languages it was throw like that shorter
chase the game is limited if someone
wants to call for grandfather and still see
it will not be their tanks either
proportional American more
our Russians are always generally in size
fits
I want numbers to drive, but those houses
go tanks it back me left you
look i drive up but no
oh how to rot this wall
above us did not move
it's just a wall and so on
closed space home of some kind
the cool graphics and good gameplay without
without management, I don’t know the meaning at all
meaning of this review after you
just flowing charges to
thank you drags review to not the last
next coffin game which
developer felt in the market
4 to short all good games
see you